welcome back to our newest taka
warehouse vlog next up we're gonna watch
the video from pure fishin got some new
cool stuff on the revos and the new
berkeley try lien and a couple of our
baits so let's kick back and watch this
one
you
I'm Hank Parker let's take a minute and
talk about fishing line you know I love
to collect knives and I've learned over
the years that it takes a great
craftsman to build a knife that will
hold an edge and that reminds me of the
folks at tri lean the way they've built
this new trialing 100% fluorocarbon
first they start it with a new material
P V D F it's an exclusive new material
that is absolutely superior now that
name didn't mean a whole lot to me until
I use the product and I'm telling you it
is the ultimate in invisibility the
absolute ultimate in durability and it
is the most castable manageable low
memory line and the fluorocarbon family
that I have ever used and diameter for
diameter is the strongest cancel
strength of all the line and it even
comes in a green tent that will remove
all those little sparkles and shines you
get on those bright sunny days from
fluorocarbon take it from me you're not
going to believe it until you try
trialing 100% fluorocarbon I don't know
how these guys pulled it off but I'm
sure proud they did
when eyeliner water I don't waste time
my fish good spots place my cash on
target
and I always use the best date possible
for maximum results that's why I'm so
excited about Gulf a life from Berkeley
they're biodegradable soft things made
from natural ingredients molded is the
Fisher cracking shapes sizes and colors
they look alive that it feel alive and
they taste the right new patented
biodegradable purpley Gulf arrived comes
in its home in a bucket filled with
colorful Berkley Gulp alive fish
attractant
so you know it's fully charged what
maximum scent and taste capacity since
the baits are swimming in the attractive
there's the perfect natural shape every
time just like the real thing
gulp alive absorbs up to 20% more fish
attraction to trigger more strikes
hey into water it becomes more lively
and more lifelike the word that you'd
use the bait fish go full life just like
you use white bass jig it rig it pull it
behind the spinner but that's where the
similarities in simply dip your golfing
lives back into the bucket the recharge
the bait even a few seconds reactivate
and rejuvenate the sections flavor you
don't even have to take it off your
rocker what could be Hey don't settle
for a live bait when gopal lives
produces more and bigger fish it's soft
and pliable to create a natural swimming
motive hey it's so durable fish won't
steal it
and like live bait it tastes and smells
good enough for fish to eat
and remember Gulf alive Koreans minnows
come in their own specially designed
minnow buckets to keep your baked fresh
flexible and life life in saturated with
colorful fish practice take charge what
rechargeable Gulf alive for Berkeley
it's not just the next best thing for
the real thing it's usually better
because you can out cast out left it's
not fish live bait
with Berkley Gulp a life you always have
life
you
there's an issue irresolution better
bates better rods and better one now
better real the new Abu Garcia Revo in
short is a great example Greg it's a low
profile hand size reel with the power
and speed to wimp those inshore species
like snook trout and redfish Revo
features a quick six four to one view
issue perfect for those times in the
speed field
but rebo's revolutionary carbon matrix
drag system you get the largest range of
drag and it has the highest match drag
it whipped the competition and
head-to-head field trip the new initial
Revo is made with ex crafted alloys this
new material is not only strong the one
of the world's most corrosion resistant
alloys
it starts with Revo Swedish engineered
features including all aluminum
construction for unmatched strength and
durability a power handle for more
torque and control high performance
corrosion resistant bearings increased
spool capacity 180 yards of 12 pound
mono enough for those long runs pair the
Abu Revo inshore with the new Finland in
short rod and fill it with spider wires
new translucent ultra caster invisibrake
for incredible and short performance the
new norcia
Revo is short filter life to catch a
fish of a lifetime
you
hi I'm Hank Parker let's take a minute
and talk about fishing rods you know
when I was a young man growing up
fishing Fenwick had a lunker stick it
was the premier rod of all rods I always
dreamed of owning a Finley clunker stick
it was stiff enough to set the hook with
a plastic worm but yet it was light
enough to cast accurately Fenwick has
always been the innovator they came up
with the flippin stick a rod that was
designed for a specific purpose first
rod company to ever do that well now
they've made a quantum leap in designing
the most innovative idea and all
efficient rods the finicky t elite tick
it's the biggest innovation in fishing
rods in the history of rods take a
crankbait for example a lot of people
like to use fiberglass rods because they
want that lazy action where when that
fish jumps he can't throw those crebbil
hooks on a crank bait well the graphite
rod casts much better but the lazy
action of the fiberglass has been
efficient when the fish jump so what if
you marry those two properties and make
the perfect crank bait rod
how about spinner baits you know how I
am about a spinner bait I want a
spinnerbait rod with a short handle
where I can do my little roll cast I
need it to have enough backbone that I'm
set to hook in that big spinner bait but
yet I need to be able to have enough tip
that I can make that perfect little roll
cast and be accurate fin which is
designed the perfect spinnerbait rod the
whole series rub over 20 rods for
technical specific fishing whether it be
drop shot and pitching flipping cranking
spinner bait jerk baits you name it they
have a raw they're color-coordinated
where immediately you look down and you
said that's my spinner bait rod that's
my crank bait rod ET le pet the
innovative idea and all the fishing
everybody wanted this eagle when I was
growing up well let me tell you buddy
the eagle is soaring higher than she's
ever sword before